BLD: add freethreading_compatible Cython markers (v2) (#2650)
h5py/h5py: docs/threads.rst

Multi-threading
===============
libhdf5, at least with the default compilation flags, is not thread-safe.

h5py supports multi-threading, in the sense that you can use h5py from multiple threads
without taking any special precautions. This is enabled by wrapping all critical
sections that invoke the libhdf5 C API with an internal *interpreter-wide reentrant
lock*, to be used either as a context manager or as a function decorator:

.. code-block:: python

>     from h5py._objects import phil, with_phil

Reviewer: maybe more of a question for more senior maintainers but since it comes up a lot in discussions lately: why is this lock named Phil ? 😅

Reviewer 2: It was named that when I took over from @andrewcollette .

    with phil:
        # Calls to libhdf5 C API here

    @with_phil
    def my_function():
        # Calls to libhdf5 C API here

The global lock means that, while it is possible to pipeline h5py and non-h5py
work across multiple threads (e.g. read/write to a file and process the data),
multiple calls to the h5py API will not run in parallel - not even if they operate
on different datasets or different files.

free-threading
--------------

> h5py can be compiled for free-threading Python interpreters (e.g. 3.13t), where the

Reviewer: just an example, but I'd prefer advertising the newer version
```suggestion
h5py can be compiled for free-threading Python interpreters (e.g. 3.14t), where the
```

GIL has been disabled. This does not disable the ``phil`` global lock, though, as
such lock protects against race conditions in libhdf5 and not in the Python interpreter.

> Free-threading stability is, at the moment, largely untested. For this reason,

Reviewer: Bit-rot protection included
```suggestion
Free-threading stability is, as of h5py 3.15.0, largely untested. For this reason,
```

> free-threading wheels (e.g. cp313t) are not published on PyPI and the functionality is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
free-threading wheels (e.g. ``cp314t``) are not published on PyPI and the functionality is
```

Multi-threading
===============
libhdf5, at least with the default compilation flags, is not thread-safe.

> h5py supports multi-threading, although its actual robustness is, at the moment
> of writing, largely untested. Multi-threading support is enabled by wrapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
h5py supports multi-threading, although its actual robustness is, as of v3.15.0,
largely untested. Multi-threading support is enabled by wrapping
```

all critical sections that invoke the libhdf5 C API with an internal

> *interpreter-wide reentrant lock*, to be used either as a context manager or

Author: @takluyver gentle ping. This PR is blocked by you on this point.
